I feel like this is pretty obious, but I will still write it out because it can really change the society compared to anything we have seen up until now.

What is Ellon Musk doing these days?
Think about is..
He already have the Tesla driving itself without a driver now with the Summit function.
The car can also switch battery or automaticlly connect it self to the power outlet.
He now also have a spaceship (SpaceX) that, in addition to going out to space, now can land again and be reused.
In addition to these two projects he have now started on something called Hyperloop.
A transportation system that looks like the old kind of pneumatic tubes system but work in a bit different fashion.
Hyperloop enable people to travel in up to 8000km/h by reducing the airpressure in the tube and have capsules travel with a the pipes with a technology similar to airhockey.

So how is all this connected?
Take a look at this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQcfi8HK1i8
Ellon say in this video that there is a fixed amounth of time for aircrafts to start and land, so in for shorter trips this percentage gets high.
This is where the Hyperloop gets in. The Hyperloop will only be viable between cities and on longer travels you will still use aircrafts, or supersonic aircrafts as he says.
Hypersonic you cay? So why isn't he build that?
And what will you say that SpaceX is another form of? Of course a hypersonic aircrafts..

How will do you travel today between between Oslo and New York?
Today
1. (Expensive) House in Oslo -> Walk to car -> Drive to parkinglot -> Walk to airport (a lot of waiting and walking) -> Aircraft to New York -> From Aircraft to taxi (and a lot of waiting in between) -> Taxi to the appartment
2. (Budget) Appartment in Oslo -> Walk to the tram -> Tram to train station (waiting) -> Train to airport -> Walk from train to aircraft (and more waiting) -> Aircraft from Oslo to New York -> Walk from Aircraft to Train (a lot of waiting in between) -> Train to New York -> Walk from train to subway -> Subway to closest location -> Walk from subway to appartment
That was minimum 7 steps, a lot of waithing, walking and unprocutive energy. Lets look on how it will be done tomorrow.

"Tomorrow":
1. Tesla wayting outside your door -> Tesla drives you to closest Hyperloop -> Hyperloop to closest SpaceX -> SpaceX from outside Oslo to outside New York -> Hyperloop to New York -> Tesla from Hyperloop to your door
That was 6 steps, no wayting inbetween.
Your luggage can also be shipped two hours before you leave the door for x-ray scanning, this way you save more time.

Estimated travel time from door to door
Today: 13hours (1 hour travel, 2hours on airport, airplane 8 hours, 1 hour on airport, 1 hour to New York City)
Tomorrow: 4hours (20min Tesla travel, 10min Hyperloop, 2 hours SpaceX, 10min Hyperloop to New York City, 20min Tesla travel)

The price will aldo be two totaly different things, with the Elon option a lot cheaper.
Do you still thing that todays option is viable?

Let me know what you thing on: reklame(at)punnerud.net
